to direct you to his elaborate video on
this topic in hmt youtube channel the
link for his full-length video will be
available in the description
with a small request to the departed
soul to guide us further on the pursuit
to understand marine engineering let's
move on to the video in this video we
will try and understand the basics of
three types of control action
proportional integral and derivative
most of the materials available
in the internet or in the books
look at it in a very mathematical way
like this
this is proportional to kpe in some
bracket some tea
which is terrifying to most of us marine
engineers except for a gifted few
if somebody wants elaboration on
mathematics please do request in comment
section we can handle it separately but
let us now try to understand it in a
very rudimentary way
without any mathematics by taking the
example of maintaining the level of
water in the tank
we want the water level to be maintained
here we call this at the set point